HTML Editor: describe AI API (#7375)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxHtmlEditor/9 Types/AICommandBase/options.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> The command options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command options.
```

---
Only the following commands include predefined options:

- [changeStyle](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Types/AIChangeStyleCommand/):    
    - *"formal"*
    - *"informal"*
    - *"technical"*
    - *"business"*
    - *"creative"*
    - *"journalistic"*
    - *"academic"*
    - *"persuasive"*
    - *"narrative"*
    - *"expository"*
    - *"descriptive"*
    - *"conversational"*

- [changeTone](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Types/AIChangeToneCommand/):
    - *"professional"*
    - *"casual"*
    - *"straightforward"*
    - *"confident"*
    - *"friendly"*

- [translate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Types/AITranslateCommand/)
    - *"Arabic"*
    - *"Chinese"*
    - *"English"*
    - *"French"*
    - *"German"*
    - *"Japanese"*
    - *"Spanish"*

> If you use these commands without declaring the options array, all predefined options ara available. You can assign only the needed options or add custom ones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use these commands without declaring the options array, all predefined options are available. You can assign only specific options or add custom options:
```
